# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --format requirements-txt --output-file requirements.txt --no-hashes
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   webepg-backend
aiohttp==3.13.1
    # via webepg-backend
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   webepg-backend
airscraper==0.1.4
    # via webepg-backend
airtable-scraper==0.0.3
    # via webepg-backend
annotated-doc==0.0.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   webepg-backend
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   webepg-backend
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
    #   webepg-backend
apscheduler==3.11.0
    # via webepg-backend
astroid==4.0.1
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   webepg-backend
asyncio==3.4.3
    # via webepg-backend
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   outcome
    #   trio
    #   webepg-backend
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via
    #   airscraper
    #   webepg-backend
brotli==1.1.0
    # via webepg-backend
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   webepg-backend
cffi==2.0.0 ; implementation_name != 'pypy' and os_name == 'nt'
    # via trio
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   webepg-backend
chardet==5.2.0
    # via webepg-backend
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   webepg-backend
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
    #   webepg-backend
colorama==0.4.6 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via
    #   click
    #   pylint
    #   uvicorn
colorclass==2.2.2
    # via
    #   pip-upgrader
    #   webepg-backend
deprecated==1.2.17
    # via
    #   limits
    #   webepg-backend
dill==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   webepg-backend
distlib==0.4.0
    # via
    #   virtualenv
    #   webepg-backend
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   webepg-backend
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   pip-upgrader
    #   webepg-backend
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via webepg-backend
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   openpyxl
    #   webepg-backend
fastapi==0.120.0
    # via webepg-backend
fastapi-cli==0.0.7
    # via webepg-backend
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   virtualenv
    #   webepg-backend
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   webepg-backend
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   webepg-backend
    #   wsproto
html5lib==1.1
    # via webepg-backend
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   webepg-backend
httptools==0.7.1
    # via
    #   uvicorn
    #   webepg-backend
httpx==0.28.1
    # via webepg-backend
identify==2.6.2
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   webepg-backend
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   webepg-backend
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via webepg-backend
isodate==0.7.2
    # via webepg-backend
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   webepg-backend
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via webepg-backend
limits==4.0.1
    # via
    #   slowapi
    #   webepg-backend
lxml==5.3.0
    # via webepg-backend
lxml-stubs==0.5.1
    # via webepg-backend
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   rich
    #   webepg-backend
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   webepg-backend
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   webepg-backend
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   webepg-backend
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   webepg-backend
    #   yarl
mypy==1.18.2
    # via webepg-backend
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   webepg-backend
mysql-connector-python==9.5.0
    # via webepg-backend
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   webepg-backend
numpy==2.3.4
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   webepg-backend
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via webepg-backend
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
    #   webepg-backend
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   limits
    #   pip-check
    #   pip-upgrader
    #   webdriver-manager
    #   webepg-backend
pandas==2.3.3
    # via
    #   airscraper
    #   airtable-scraper
    #   webepg-backend
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   webepg-backend
pip-check==3.2.1
    # via webepg-backend
pip-upgrader==1.4.15
    # via webepg-backend
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
    #   webepg-backend
pre-commit==4.0.1
    # via webepg-backend
propcache==0.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   webepg-backend
    #   yarl
psutil==6.1.1
    # via webepg-backend
pycparser==2.23 ; implementation_name != 'PyPy' and implementation_name != 'pypy' and os_name == 'nt'
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.12.3
    # via
    #   airtable-scraper
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   webepg-backend
pydantic-core==2.41.4
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   webepg-backend
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via webepg-backend
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   rich
    #   webepg-backend
pylint==4.0.2
    # via webepg-backend
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   urllib3
    #   webepg-backend
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   webepg-backend
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
    #   webdriver-manager
    #   webepg-backend
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via webepg-backend
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   airtable-scraper
    #   pandas
    #   webepg-backend
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   uvicorn
    #   webepg-backend
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   airtable-scraper
    #   pip-upgrader
    #   undetected-chromedriver
    #   webdriver-manager
    #   webepg-backend
rich==13.8.0
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   webepg-backend
rich-toolkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   webepg-backend
ruff==0.14.2
    # via webepg-backend
selenium==4.38.0
    # via
    #   undetected-chromedriver
    #   webepg-backend
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via webepg-backend
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   typer
    #   webepg-backend
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
    #   webepg-backend
slowapi==0.1.9
    # via webepg-backend
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   trio
    #   webepg-backend
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   webepg-backend
soupsieve==2.8
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   webepg-backend
starlette==0.48.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   webepg-backend
terminaltables==3.1.10
    # via
    #   pip-check
    #   pip-upgrader
    #   webepg-backend
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   webepg-backend
trio==0.31.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
    #   webepg-backend
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   webepg-backend
typer==0.15.1
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   webepg-backend
types-psutil==7.0.0.20250601
    # via webepg-backend
types-pytz==2024.1.0.20240417
    # via webepg-backend
types-requests==2.32.0.20241016
    # via webepg-backend
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   limits
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   selenium
    #   starlette
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
    #   webepg-backend
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   webepg-backend
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   tzlocal
    #   webepg-backend
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   webepg-backend
undetected-chromedriver==3.5.5
    # via webepg-backend
unidecode==1.3.8
    # via webepg-backend
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   types-requests
    #   webepg-backend
uvicorn==0.38.0
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   webepg-backend
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via
    #   uvicorn
    #   webepg-backend
virtualenv==20.29.1
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   webepg-backend
watchfiles==0.24.0
    # via
    #   uvicorn
    #   webepg-backend
webdriver-manager==4.0.2
    # via webepg-backend
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   webepg-backend
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   webepg-backend
websockets==14.2
    # via
    #   undetected-chromedriver
    #   uvicorn
    #   webepg-backend
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   webepg-backend
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   trio-websocket
    #   webepg-backend
yarl==1.22.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   webepg-backend
